Security improvements (#504)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/ff-security-summary.rst

Summary of Crypto Keys Used by FoundriesFactory

> ===============================================

Author: @vkhoroz renamed page

> This page provides a brief summary of the many security aspects involved in FoundriesFactory®.
> For detailed information on each key, please check the relevant page under :ref:`ref-security`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides a brief summary of the cryptographic keys used by FoundriesFactory®.
For detailed information on each key, please check the relevant page under :ref:`ref-security`.
```

.. list-table:: Device Gateway Certificates Summary
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
   * - Root of Trust key (*factory_ca.key*)
     - EC prime256v1
     - Owned and managed by the customer (offline key)
   * - TLS key
     - EC prime256v1
     - Owned and managed by Foundries.io (used for mTLS handshake)
   * - Online CA private key (*online-ca.key*)
     - EC prime256v1
     - If enabled (required by ``lmp-device-register`` for performing the device CSR), owned and managed by Foundries.io
   * - Local CA private key (*local-ca.key*)
     - EC prime256v1
     - If enabled, owned and managed by the customer (used for performing the device CSR)

Secure Boot (Hardware Root of Trust)
------------------------------------

.. list-table:: Secure Boot Certificates Summary
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
   * - Hardware Root of Trust Key
     - Depends on the SoC
     - Owned and managed by the customer (offline key)

The Hardware Root of Trust depends on the SoC used. Please refer to :ref:`ref-secure-boot` pages and to the vendor reference manual for more information.

Secure Online Keys for Boot Stack
---------------------------------

> The exact list of keys used for the boot stack depends on the hardware used. Some platforms will not make use of all keys. A list of available keys for a LmP build can be found below:

Reviewer 2: yup, thanks!

> The exact list of keys used for the boot stack depends on the hardware used. Some platforms will not make use of all keys. A list of available keys for a LmP build can be found below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The exact list of keys used for the boot stack depends on the hardware used. Some platforms will not make use of all keys. A list of available keys for an LmP build can be found below:
```

Reviewer: Actually, thanks @kprosise I was always wondering should I write `a HSM` or `an HSM`. That's not a question when talking, but when writing I was always on the fence. Now I know the answer.

> FoundriesFactory Security Summary

Reviewer: It is strange to see two `Security Summary` pages. Can this be renamed to something more specific e.g. `List of Crypto Keys Used by FoundriesFactory`? I don't see any information beyond that here.

=================================

> This page brings a brief summary of the many security aspects involved in a FoundriesFactory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This page provides a brief summary of the many security aspects involved in FoundriesFactory®.
```

For detailed information on each key, please check the relevant page under :ref:`ref-security`.

Secure Connection to Cloud Services
-----------------------------------

.. list-table:: Device Gateway Certificates Summary
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
   * - Root of Trust key (*factory_ca.key*)

>      - EC prime256v1

Reviewer 2: prime256v1 = NIST P-256, either is fine, but usually when talking about the keytype from the standard pov, NIST P-256 is preferred.

>      - EC prime256v1

Reviewer: @vanmaegima interesting question. I guess @ricardosalveti's proposal of _NIST P-256_ is a good middle ground.

>      - EC prime256v1

Author: Moved to NIST P-256 but kept prime256v1 where it's used as a command.

     - Owned and managed by the customer (offline key)
   * - TLS key
     - EC prime256v1

>      - Owned and managed by Foundries.IO (used for mTLS handshake)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Owned and managed by Foundries.io (used for mTLS handshake)
```

   * - Online CA private key (*online-ca.key*)
     - EC prime256v1
     - If enabled (required by ``lmp-device-register`` for performing the device CSR), owned and managed by Foundries.io
   * - Local CA private key (*local-ca.key*)
     - EC prime256v1
     - If enabled, owned and managed by the customer (used for performing the device CSR)

Secure Boot (Hardware Root of Trust)
------------------------------------

.. list-table:: Secure Boot Certificates Summary
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
   * - Hardware Root of Trust Key
     - Depends on the SoC
     - Owned and managed by the customer (offline key)

The Hardware Root of Trust depends on the SoC used. Please refer to :ref:`ref-secure-boot` pages and to the vendor reference manual for more information.

Secure Online Keys for Boot Stack
---------------------------------

.. list-table:: LmP Build Certificates Summary

>    :header-rows: 1

Reviewer 2: We should probably say that this is hardware dependent, as it depends on what is available as part of the boot stack.

e.g. on x86 we use UEFI secure boot instead, and the only one used here would be for kernel modules.

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
     - LmP Variable
   * - SPL Verification Key
     - RSA 2048
     - Owned by the customer, available as an online key for FoundriesFactory CI
     - ``UBOOT_SPL_SIGN_KEYNAME``
   * - U-Boot Proper Verification Key
     - RSA 2048
     - Owned by the customer, available as an online key for FoundriesFactory CI
     - ``UBOOT_SIGN_KEYNAME``
   * - OP-TEE Verification Key
     - RSA 2048
     - Owned by the customer, available as an online key for FoundriesFactory CI
     - ``OPTEE_TA_SIGN_KEY``
   * - Kernel Modules Verification Key
     - RSA 2048
     - Owned by the customer, available as an online key for FoundriesFactory CI
     - ``MODSIGN_PRIVKEY``

Secure Over the Air Updates
---------------------------

.. list-table:: Secure OTA Certificates Summary
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Keys
     - Type
     - Owner
   * - TUF Root Key

>      - RSA 4096

Author: @vkhoroz have the tuf keys type changed already?

Reviewer: @vanmaegima yes.

- For new factories they are Ed25519 by default; but the customer may ask for RSA when factory is created.
- For the majority of old factories they are RSA.
- In either case the customer can switch from one key type to the other one whenever they want.

I don't know how to say that in one sentence, there should be an easy way.

Reviewer: I'd say `Ed25519 (default) or RSA 4096` here, and add smth like `Can be selected at factory creation or changed later` on the next line.

     - Owned and managed by the customer (offline key)
   * - TUF Snapshot Key
     - RSA 4096
     - Owned and managed by FoundriesFactory CI
   * - TUF Timestamp Key
     - RSA 4096
     - Owned and managed by FoundriesFactory CI

>    * - TUF Targets Key - Online Target Signing Key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * - TUF Targets Key—Online Target Signing Key
```

Reviewer: This is too wordy IMHO. Can it be simply `Online TUF Targets Signing Key`?
I'd prepend `Offline|Online` to every TUF key we have.

     - RSA 4096
     - Owned and managed by FoundriesFactory CI

>    * - TUF Targets Key - Customer Offline Signing Key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * - TUF Targets Key—Customer Offline Signing Key
```
